README.md, before:

# Furniro Furniture

<img width="70px" src="./src/assets/logo-furniro.png" alt="logo"><br>
Compass UOL - FrontEnd Challenge: Furniro Furniture<br>


## Table of Contents

- [Challenge](#challenge)
- [Figma](#figma)
- [Tools](#tools)
- [Screenshots](#screenshots)
- [Difficulties](#difficulties)
- [Author](#author)


## Challenge

This challenge is from Compass UOL for the interns to complete and learn experiences. The main objective was to build a front-end development based on the design in Figma.<br>
To accomplish this task, it was used React with TypeScript application.

Furniro is a fictional furniture store with all categories of furniture products, from sofas to tables. <br>
This project contains the home page, with information about the Furniro shopping. <br>

To run this application, it's necessary to clone this repository and install all the dependencies (wich can be seen in [*tools content*](#tools)).<br> 
To run the JSON server, it's necessary to use the command "npx json-server ./mock/_database.json" to access the mock api.

## Figma

The challenge was based accordingly to the design and user interface in 🔗[Figma](https://www.figma.com/design/E1F9AbyIRppkO2Ro1oP2tj/Desafio-3?node-id=117-336&t=kFuD7FGniomCe5mR-0)

## Tools

🔨 <b>React with VITE</b><br>
🔨 <b>TailwindCSS</b><br>
🔨 <b>TypeScript</b><br>
🔨 <b>React Router Dom</b><br>
🔨 <b>JSON server</b><br>
🔨 <b>Firebase</b><br>
🔨 <b>Axios</b><br>
🔨 <b>Concurrently</b><br>

## Screenshots

### Desktop Screen
<img src="" alt="desktop screen">

### Mobile Screen
<img width="360px" src="" alt="mobile screen">


## Difficulties

While developing this web page, I faced some challenges that helped me to learn experience. Here are some examples:

- To create the Donate and Adopt Modals: I was not familiar to the tag < dialog >, and I had to do a search about how it works and how to open and close the Modals
- To style the radio inputs in the payment method in the Donate Modal: Basic, I had to disable the appearance of the input and do a style in the label, increasing the hit area to select the radio.
- The forms validation: To prevent the forms being submitted without the correct information, I had to manipulate the input values with regular expressions (regex), which was something new for me. With the correct pattern, the forms can be submitted.
- This project don't have mobile version: The responsive design was optional and I didn't have time to do it, so I intend to do it later.

These experiences and more that I didn't list taught me valuable lessons in adaptability and perseverance, enhancing my web delevopment skills.

## Author

<img width="100px" src="./src/assets//my-octocat.png">

- LinkedIn - [Camila Katayama](https://www.linkedin.com/in/camila-katayama-ab1a42153/)
- GitHub - [@camilakataa](https://github.com/camilakataa)

Commit message:

added some functions in related produts and shop and updated the database

README.md, after:

# Furniro Furniture

<img width="70px" src="./src/assets/logo-furniro.png" alt="logo"><br>
Compass UOL - FrontEnd Challenge: Furniro Furniture<br>


## Table of Contents

- [Challenge](#challenge)
- [Figma](#figma)
- [Tools](#tools)
- [Screenshots](#screenshots)
- [Difficulties](#difficulties)
- [Author](#author)


## Challenge

This challenge is from Compass UOL for the interns to complete and learn experiences. The main objective was to build a front-end development based on the design in Figma.<br>
To accomplish this task, it was used React with TypeScript application.<br>

Furniro is a fictional furniture store with all categories of furniture products, from sofas to tables. <br>
This project contains the home page, with information about the Furniro shopping.<br>

To run this application, it's necessary to clone this repository and install all the dependencies (wich can be seen in [*tools content*](#tools)).<br>
To run the JSON server, it's necessary to use the command "npm run server" to access the mock api.

## Figma

The challenge was based accordingly to the design and user interface in 🔗[Figma](https://www.figma.com/design/E1F9AbyIRppkO2Ro1oP2tj/Desafio-3?node-id=117-336&t=kFuD7FGniomCe5mR-0)

## Tools

🔨 <b>React with VITE</b> application<br>
🔨 <b>TypeScript</b>: to create the components<br>
🔨 <b>TailwindCSS</b>: for styling<br>
🔨 <b>React Router Dom</b>: to navigate<br>
🔨 <b>JSON server</b>: for mock <br>
🔨 <b>Firebase</b>: for authentication<br>
🔨 <b>Axios</b>: to fetch the data<br>

## Screenshots

### Desktop Screen
<img src="" alt="desktop screen">

### Mobile Screen
<img width="360px" src="" alt="mobile screen">


## Difficulties

While developing this web page, I faced some challenges that helped me to learn experience. Here are some examples:

- The production timeline posed a challenge. I had to organize the tasks, starting with those I was more familiar with and then moving on to the more detailed tasks;
- The authentication task was new for me, so I took some time to register the users and to verify the logins in Firebase;
- To do the mock using JSON Server was a challenge and also took some time to complete with all the products, but I had help from others colleagues;
- To use the context to implement the Shopping Cart with the functions to add and to remove items, it's an achievement

These experiences and more that I didn't list taught me valuable lessons in adaptability and perseverance, enhancing my web delevopment skills.

## Author

<img width="100px" src="./src/assets//my-octocat.png">

- LinkedIn - [Camila Katayama](https://www.linkedin.com/in/camila-katayama-ab1a42153/)
- GitHub - [@camilakataa](https://github.com/camilakataa)
